.TH ee 8 "easyengine version: 1.1.0" "January 6, 2014" "easyengine"
.SH NAME
.B EasyEngine (ee) 
\- Manage Nginx Based Websites.
.SH SYNOPSIS
ee [ version | info | help ]
.TP
ee system [ install | remove | purge ]
.TP
ee site [ list | show | info | create | enable | disable | delete ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
EasyEngine (ee) is a linux shell-script to manage your WordPress-Nginx websites on an Ubuntu server.
.br
After ee kindly press tab key to view all arguments.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B version
.br
Display easyengine (ee) version information.
.TP
.B info
.br
ee info - Display Nginx, PHP, MySQL and ee common location information
.br
ee site info - Diplay given website details like enable, disable. weboot and log files.
.TP
.B help
.br
Display easyengine (ee) help.
.TP
.B install
.br
Install Nginx PHP5 MySQL Postfix System Packages.
.TP
.B remove
.br
Remove Nginx PHP5 MySQL Postfix System Packages.
.TP
.B purge
.br
Purge Nginx PHP5 MySQL Postfix System Packages.
.TP
.B list
.br
List Nginx Website.
.TP
.B show
.br
Show Nginx configuration for website.
.TP
.B create
.br
Create HTML, PHP, MySQL and Wordpress website.
.TP
.B enable
.br
Enable website.
.TP
.B disable
.br
Disable website.
.TP
.B delete
.br
Delete HTML, PHP, MySQL and WordPress website.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.B --html
.br
Create a HTML website. 
.TP
.B --php
.br
Create a PHP website.
.TP
.B --mysql
.br
Create a PHP+MySQL website. 
.TP
.B --wp
.br
Create a WordPress Website. 
.TP
.B --wpsubdir
.br
Create a Wordpress Multisite with Sub Directories Setup. 
.TP
.B --wpsubdomain
.br
Create a Wordpress Multisite with Sub Domains Setup. 
.br
.TP
.B --all
.br
If uses with ee system, its install, remove or purge Nginx PHP5 MySQL Postfix System Packages.
.br
If uses with ee site delete, its delete Database, Webroot and Nginx configuration.
.br
.TP
.B --db
.br
Delete website database.
.br
.TP
.B --files
.br
Delete website webroot.
.SH WORDPRESS CACHING OPTIONS
.TP
.B --basic
.br
Create WordPress website without cache.
.TP
.B --w3tc
.br
Install and activate Nginx-helper and W3 Total Cache plugin.
.TP
.B --wpsc
.br
Install and activate Nginx-helper and WP Super Cache plugin.
.TP
.B --wpfc
.br
Install and activate Nginx-helper and W3 Total Cache plugin with Nginx FastCGI cache.
.SH FILES
.br
/etc/easyengine/ee.conf
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at <http://github.com/rtCamp/easyengine/issues/>
.SH AUTHOR
.br
.B rtCamp Team 
.I \<admin@rtcamp.com\>
.br
.B Mitesh Shah 
.I \<Mitesh.Shah@rtcamp.com\>
.br
.B Manish 
.I \<Manish.Songirkar@rtcamp.com\>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.br
EE: 
.I   https://rtcamp.com/easyengine/
.br
FAQ: 
.I  https://rtcamp.com/easyengine/faq/
.br
DOCS:
.I https://rtcamp.com/easyengine/docs/

