.TH ee 8 "easyengine version: 2.0.0" "July 11, 2014" "easyengine"
.SH NAME
.B EasyEngine (ee) 
\- Manage Nginx Based Websites.
.SH SYNOPSIS
ee [ version | help | info | stack | site | debug | update ]
.TP
ee stack [ install | remove | purge ] [ nginx | php | mysql | postfix | adminer | phpmyadmin | wpcli | utils ]
.TP
ee stack [  status | start | stop | reload | restart ] 
.TP
ee site [ list | info | show | enable | disable | edit ] [ example.com ]
.TP
ee site create example.com [ --html | --php | --mysql] [[--wp | --wpsubdir | --wpsubdomain ] [--basic | --wpsc | --w3tc | --wpfc]]
.TP
ee site delete example.com [--db | --files | --all | --no-prompt ]
.TP
ee debug [ -i | --nginx | --rewrite | --php | --fpm | --mysql ] [ --stop ]  
.TP 
ee debug example.com [ -i | --nginx | --rewrite | --wp ] [--stop ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
EasyEngine aka ee is the opensource project developed with the purpose to automate web-server configuration.
.br
EasyEngine is the collection of shell scripts that provides automation for the web-server
.br
installation, site creation, services debugging & monitoring.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B version
.br
Display easyengine (ee) version information.
.TP
.B info
.br
ee info - Display Nginx, PHP, MySQL and ee common location information
.br
ee site info - Diplay given website details like enable, disable. weboot and log files.
.TP
.B help
.br
Display easyengine (ee) help.
.TP
.B stack 
.TP
.B 		install [ nginx | php | mysql | postfix | adminer | phpmyadmin | wpcli | utils ]
.br
				Install Nginx PHP5 MySQL Postfix stack Packages if not used with 
.br
				any options.Installs specific package if used with option.
.TP
.B 		remove [ nginx | php | mysql | postfix | adminer | phpmyadmin | wpcli | utils ]
.br
				Remove Nginx PHP5 MySQL Postfix stack Packages if not used with 
.br
				any options. Remove specific package if used with option.
.TP
.B 		purge [ nginx | php | mysql | postfix | adminer | phpmyadmin | wpcli | utils ]
.br
				Purge Nginx PHP5 MySQL Postfix stack Packages if not used with any
.br
				options.Purge specific package if used with option.
.TP
.B 		status 
.br
				Display status of NGINX, PHP5-FPM, MySQL, Postfix services.
.TP
.B 		start
.br
				Start services NGINX, PHP5-FPM, MySQL, Postfix.
.TP
.B 		stop
.br
				Stop services NGINX, PHP5-FPM, MySQL, Postfix.
.TP
.B 		reload
.br
				Reload services NGINX, PHP5-FPM, MySQL, Postfix.
.TP
.B 		restart
.br
				Restart services NGINX, PHP5-FPM, MySQL, Postfix.
.TP
.B site
.br
.TP
.B 		list [ enable | available ]
.br
				Lists all available sites from /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/
.br				 
				by default & enable argument. Display sites list from 
.br
				/etc/nginx/sites-available/ if used with available option.

.TP
.B 		info [ example.com ]
.br
				prints information about site such as access log, error log 
.br
				location and type of site.
.TP
.B 		show [ example.com ]
.br
				Display NGINX configuration of site.
.TP
.B 		enable [ example.com ]
.br
				Enable site by creating softlink with site file in 
.br
				/etc/nginx/sites-available to /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/.
.TP
.B 		disable [ example.com ]
.br
				Disable site by Destroying softlink with site file in 
.br
				/etc/nginx/sites-available to /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/.
.TP
.B 		edit [ example.com ]
.br
				Edit NGINX configuration of site.
.TP
.B 		create [ example.com ] [ --html | --php | --mysql | --wp | --w3tc |--wpfc ]
.br
				Create new site according to given options. If no options provided 
.br
				create static site with html only.
.TP
.B 		delete [ example.com ] [--no-prompt ] [ --db | --files ]
.br
				Delete site i.e webroot, database, ad configuration permenantly.
.TP
.B debug [ -i | --nginx | --php | --mysql | --rewrite | --fpm ] [ --start | --stop ]
.br
				Starts server level debugging. If used without arguments starts debugging
.br
				all services, else debug only service provided with argument. Stop 
.br
				Debugging if used with  --stop argument.
.TP
.B debug example.com [ -i | --nginx | --rewrite | --wp ] [ --start | --stop ]
.br
				Starts site level debugging. If used without arguments starts debugging all
.br
				services, else debug only service provided with argument. Stop Debugging
.br
				if used with  --stop argument.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.B -i
.br
				setup intractive mode while used with debug.
.TP
.B --nginx
.br
				used with ee debug command. used to start or stop nginx debugging.
.TP
.B --php
.br
				used with ee debug command. used to start or stop php debugging.
.TP
.B --mysql
.br
				used with ee debug command. used to start or stop mysql debugging.
.TP
.B --rewrite
.br
				used with ee debug command. used to start or stop nginx rewrite rules debugging.
.TP
.B --fpm
.br
				used with ee debug command. used to start or stop fpm debugging.
.TP
.B --wp
.br
				used with ee debug command. used to start or stop wordpress site debugging.
.TP
.B --start
.br
				used with ee debug command. used to stop debugging.
.TP
.B --stop
.br
				used with ee debug command. used to stop debugging.
.TP
.B --html
.br
				Create a HTML website. 
.TP
.B --php
.br
				Create a PHP website.
.TP
.B --mysql
.br
				Create a PHP+MySQL website. 
.TP
.B --wp
.br
				Create a WordPress Website. 
.TP
.B --wpsubdir
.br
				Create a Wordpress Multisite with Sub Directories Setup. 
.TP
.B --wpsubdomain
.br
				Create a Wordpress Multisite with Sub Domains Setup. 
.br
.TP
.B --db
.br
				Delete website database.
.br
.TP
.B --files
.br
				Delete website webroot.
.br
.TP
.B --no-prompt
.br
				Does not prompt for confirmation when delete command used.

.SH WORDPRESS CACHING OPTIONS
.TP
.B --basic
.br
				Create WordPress website without cache.
.TP
.B --w3tc
.br
				Install and activate Nginx-helper and W3 Total Cache plugin.
.TP
.B --wpsc
.br
				Install and activate Nginx-helper and WP Super Cache plugin.
.TP
.B --wpfc
.br
				Install and activate Nginx-helper and W3 Total Cache plugin with 
.br
				Nginx FastCGI cache.
.SH FILES
.br
/etc/easyengine/ee.conf
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at <http://github.com/rtCamp/easyengine/issues/>
.SH AUTHOR
.br
.B rtCamp Team 
.I \<admin@rtcamp.com\>
.br
.B Mitesh Shah 
.I \<Mitesh.Shah@rtcamp.com\>
.br
.B Manish 
.I \<Manish.Songirkar@rtcamp.com\>
.br
.B Harshad
.I \<harshad.yeola@rtcamp.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.br
EE: 
.I   https://rtcamp.com/easyengine/
.br
FAQ: 
.I  https://rtcamp.com/easyengine/faq/
.br
DOCS:
.I https://rtcamp.com/easyengine/docs/

